The New Testament gospel of John.
What I call your attention is 60 through verse 69.
John chapter 6 verse 69.
John chapter 6 verses 62 verse 69.
I'm reading from the New King James Version of Scripture.
Bible says, therefore many of his disciples, when they heard this said, this is a hard saying.
Who can understand it?
When Jesus knew in himself that his disciples complained about this, he said to them, does this offend you?
What then, if you should see the son of man ascend where he was before?
It is the spirit who gives life.
The flesh profits nothing.
The words that I speak to you are spirit and they are life, but they are some of you who do not believe.
For Jesus knew from the beginning who they were who did not believe and who would betray him.
And he said, therefore, I have said to you that no one can come to me unless it has been granted
to him by my father.
From that time, many of his disciples went back and walked with him no more.
Then Jesus said to the 12, do you also want to go away?
But Simon Peter answered him, Lord, to whom shall we go?
You have the words of eternal life.
Also, we have come to believe and know
that you are the Christ, the son of the living God.
Amen.
Watch chapel on this last Sunday in the month of January as we celebrate victory Sunday in the life of watch chapel.
I want to preach as you shall pray for and with me from the topic, sticking with Jesus.
Sticking with Jesus.
Look at your neighbor.
smile, say neighbor, don't turn your back on Jesus, but stick with Jesus.
Amen.
Lord, we thank you for this opportunity to proclaim the good news of Jesus Christ.
I pray now that Holy Spirit have your way in the life of every hero of this word.
I pray God that this word falls on good fertile ground.
Pray God that we don't turn back, we don't drift, we don't become reprobate, we don't become backsliders, that we don't stop following you, but pray God that we stick with you.
Bless now, in Jesus' name, the people of God said, amen, amen, amen.
Lord, bless your word, amen.
Sticking with Jesus.
For all of us, life is full of decisions.
I can't speak for everybody individually, but it seems like every day throughout the day we are making one decision after another.
If it's not a decision about one thing,
then we are making a decision about something else.
If it's not a decision on what we're going to buy to prepare for inclement weather, then we are making a decision to prepare for Valentine's Day that is right around the corner.
If it's not a decision about exploring Bitcoin, then we are making a decision to explore cryptocurrency.
If it's not a decision on what new series we're going to binge watch on Netflix, then it is a decision about what book or new book we are going to read.
If it's not a decision about something we know we need to quit, then it's a decision about something we know we need to start afresh and anew.
If it's not a decision about where we are going to travel, when the sun comes out and days are longer, then it's a decision about how we are going to explore what we have neglected throughout the triangle.
If we're not making one decision, then we are making another decision.
According to this New Testament narrative,
The people of God, the 12 in particular, are making a courageous, consecrated, committed decision to stick with Jesus.
If you read the entirety of John chapter six, we discover that Jesus has become increasingly popular as Jesus has fed the 5,000
Men, not including women and children, as Jesus has walked on water, it seems like everybody has become attracted to Jesus.
People are attracted to Jesus because of God using him as a miracle worker.
Yet as we make our way towards the middle of the text, Jesus introduces himself as the bread of life.
He goes from being a miracle worker to introducing himself as the bread of life.
As Jesus introduces himself as the bread of life, the followers are confused concerning his identity.
They raised the question, isn't this Mary's son?
Isn't this Joseph's stepson?
Isn't this the boy who was raised and he's talking about he has come from heaven?
And he is the bread of life.
Moreover, Jesus doubles down and reintroduces himself and reaffirms his identity as the bread of life.
Jesus talks about if you want to really experience God, you have to eat of the bread that I am offering.
The disciples are confused.
because this is, according to the language, a hard saying.
Jesus knows who believes and who does not believe in the text says that the masses of people follow him no more.
They stop following Jesus with the same verb, excitement, enthusiasm, because Jesus communicated
a hard saying about him being the bread of life and him and it being necessary for them to embrace him as the bread of life.
And while the masses of people are leaving, the text says that the 12 have decided not to leave, but they are sticking with Jesus.
And on this Victory Sunday watch chapel, I've come by here to encourage every believer, every friend, every disciple, every seeker, every would-be disciple, not to conform to the crowd, but to make up your mind to stick with Jesus.
Despite who walks away, we ought to stick with Jesus.
Despite who has stopped coming to church,
We ought to stick with Jesus.
Despite what they say about you, worshiping God in spirit and in truth.
You ought to stick with Jesus.
There are many people who have gone away, who are now M-I-A, who are church dropouts.
Once upon a time, they were here praising God in spirit and in truth.
Once upon a time, they couldn't wait till the doors of the church were open, but somewhere along the journey, frustration, disappointment, rearrange priorities, decisions, not to stick with Jesus, but to fall away.
But let not not be said about you and I.
On this victory Sunday, we ought to double down.
We ought to sign up again.
We ought to renew our commitment.
We ought to make up in our mind.
I'm not going to fall away.
I'm not going to shrink back.
I'm not going to backslide, but I'm going to stick with Jesus.
And watch that, but I'm encouraging every believer to stick with Jesus.
If the 12th could stick with Jesus, you and I ought to stick with Jesus.
Watch that book, the 12 stick with Jesus because they possess something called endurance.
If you're going to be a follower of the Lord Jesus Christ, every day will not be Sunday.
Everybody will not be a skip rope buddy.
Everybody will not be in your proverbial amen corner, but you and I must embrace the personal quality
virtue and value of endurance.
I don't know what you want to call it.
You can call it grit.
You can call it intestinal fortitude.
You can call it tenacity.
You can call it perseverance.
But whatever synonym you want to use, if you're going to stick with Jesus, you need endurance.
Days will be dark, sometimes friends will be few, haters will be numerous, mockers will mock, people will ridicule, sayings will be hard, yet with endurance we can see it through and we can stick with Jesus.
I don't know who I'm talking to on this Sunday morning.
But if you've ever achieved anything in life, it did not come easy.
If you've been married for more than a decade, it was not easy.
If you've graduated from some institution of higher learning, it was not always easy.
If you have climbed the corporate ladder and now have a corner office, it has not been easy.
If you overcame some health issue, it has not always been easy.
But if you look back over the journey of your life, it has required endurance.
And following Jesus as a disciple of the Lord Jesus Christ requires endurance.
If we're going to stick and stay with Jesus,
We have to endure haters.
We have to endure mockers.
We have to endure dry seasons.
We have to endure difficulty.
We have to endure disillusionment.
We have to endure seasons where we wonder why God is allowing what God has allowed.
Yet if we're going to stick with Jesus, we need endurance.
In 1955,
The modern day civil rights movement launched in Montgomery, Alabama.
And our mothers and fathers spent over one year boycotting the public bus system in Montgomery, Alabama.
Not just in the summertime, not just in the fall, but in the winter, in the spring,
They made up their mind, they were going to endure so they could enjoy the rights they deserved as citizens of these United States of America.
And after more than a year, the civil rights movement was blessed with full occupancy on buses in Montgomery
because our mothers and fathers endured.
Sticking with Jesus requires endurance.
It just doesn't require endurance, watch chapel.
Sticking with Jesus requires encouragement.
Text says that the masses have left, but everybody didn't leave.
The 12 made up in their mind, they were going to stick with Jesus.
And in the midst of sticking with Jesus in my sanctified imagination, watch chapel, the 12 became a mutual encouragement society where they made up their mind.
We're not going to leave.
We're not going to desert him, but we are going to stick with Jesus.
And in the midst of sticking with Jesus, they encouraged one another on the journey.
Inevitably, there had to be somebody who was thinking about leaving with the crowd.
I don't know who it was.
It may have been James and John, may have been Bartholomew, may have been Simon.
Judas was already out of pocket.
We don't know who it was exactly, but Peter declares, where shall we go?
You have the words of eternal life.
And I believe that these brothers encouraged one another to stick with Jesus.
There's some believer who hears this sermon right now, who's trying to live the Christian life all by yourself.
My brother, my sister, none of us live.
They're victorious, triumphant Christian life by ourselves.
In the words of the song, I need you.
You need me.
We need one another.
And if we're going to stick with Jesus, we have to give encouragement, but also be willing to embrace encouragement.
When you want to quit, learn how to encourage yourself.
When somebody wants to quit, learn to be a sanctified cheerleader in their life.
When somebody stops coming to church, reach out to them and encourage them to get back in the fold.
When somebody is not present the way they used to be, encourage them, all of us need encouragement from the choir stand to the parking lot, from the pool pit to deacons row.
Every believer needs encouragement and none of us stick and stay without
in encouragement.
How can God use you as an encourager in the life of somebody else?
How can God use you to encourage somebody to live to their best, to the glory of God?
If we're going to stick with Jesus, we need to embrace encouragement and we need to give encouragement.
They stick with Jesus.
because of encouragement.
They stick with Jesus because of endurance, but they stick with Jesus because of expectancy.
These are the 12 disciples who have walked and talked with Jesus along the journey.
James and John, fishermen, left their profitable fishing business
So they could follow Jesus, Levi, Matthew, leaves the tax collectors booth so he could follow Jesus.
The others, amen, leave their vocations, their professions so they can follow Jesus.
In John chapter two, they encounter a miracle where Jesus turns water into wine.
And the text says, after he turns water into wine, they believed in him.
In other sense, that first miracle, these men have lived with a sense of expectancy.
Jesus has done what Jesus said he was going to do.
He has healed the sick.
He has raised the dead.
He has turned water into wine.
He has made Nicodemus curious about the good news of the gospel.
He delivered and set free a Samaritan woman so she could become the first evangelist in John chapter four.
He heals a man by the pool in John chapter five.
Now in John chapter six, where everybody else is leaving.
These 12 men
live with a sense of expectancy because Jesus has come through on everything he said he was going to do.
Watch that.
Well, as I make my way to my seat, I'm encouraging everybody to stick with Jesus with a sense of expectancy.
I have not seen all that he's going to do.
ears have not heard all that he's going to do.
My best days are not behind me, but are in front of me.
And I'm sticking with Jesus because I have a sense of expectancy.
No, every day will not be Sunday, but I'm just crazy enough to believe that Jesus is going to do everything he said he's going to do.
High places are going to become low,
Crooked places are going to become straight.
Demons will sit at my feet.
Jesus is going to keep doing what he said he's going to do.
Miracles will take place.
The blind will see the deaf will hear.
Drug addicts will be delivered and liberated.
Miracles are going to take place.
God is not through with us yet.
There's still work to be done in us through us and around us.
And I'm going to stick with Jesus because I have a sense of expectancy.
In this world, you shall have tribulation, but be of good cheer because I have overcome the world.
God is still moving.
Jesus is still doing the miraculous.
And this is the same Jesus.
I'm going to my seat, but I got to take it to Calvary on a gun dog Friday.
When they said he was done, when they said the story was over, the disciples had a sense of expectancy.
Everybody else thought they were crazy, but Jesus on the third day was resurrected with all power in his hand.
And if Jesus is going to come through on what he said, he's going to do.
Your best days are in front of you, not behind you.
Watch chapel, stick with Jesus, endure, encourage and expect the Lord to do great things.
May God bless you real good.
Watch chapel, brothers, sisters, I'm encouraging somebody who doesn't know Jesus Christ to accept Christ as their Savior and Lord on this Sunday morning.
You may not be saved.
You may not know Jesus Christ as Savior and Lord of your life.
But on this victory Sunday, there is no victory without the presence of Jesus Christ.
The battle was already won.
Jesus died for you.
He was resurrected to save us from our sins.
And I'm extending the invitation to some man, some woman, some young person to accept Jesus Christ.
as Savior and Lord of your life.
You already might be a Christian, but you don't have a church home.
You may be saved, but you need a church family.
I'm encouraging you, my brother, my sister, to not just accept Jesus as your Savior, but to unite with Watch Chapel Missionary Baptist Church.
You can go to our website right now and go to the tab that says connect with us.
Amen.
We love you.
We're willing to receive you.
And we pray that this word has been a blessing to your life.
And if you don't know Jesus Christ as your savior, you might come to accept Him.
If you need a church home, then you might make watch chapel your church home.
May God bless you real good.
Watch chapel, missionary Baptist church, Pastor White.
May the grace of our Lord and savior, the love of God, the fellowship of the Holy Spirit,
rest, rule, and abide with us until we shall meet again.
The people of God said, Amen.
Amen.